chore: add optional boolean to force InvokeStoreMulti (#34)
awslabs/aws-lambda-invoke-store: .changeset/fair-dolls-smash.md

---
"@aws/lambda-invoke-store": patch
---

> Added optional boolean argumanet to allow forced use of InvokeStoreMulti(AsyncLocalStorage).

Reviewer: fixed typo and expanded the description
```suggestion
Added an optional boolean argument that allows forcing the use of InvokeStoreMulti with AsyncLocalStorage.
```
